Use AlarmManager (see AdvAndroid pg 232) to setup regular job updating
bills and calendar and notify user of bills of interest, changes in bills
they are following, and debates/meetingsof interest.

STAGES - 

	Second readnig committee - Cmmittee or 2nd reading or other stage ?
	Commons Examiners - 

DB QUERY

	select title,date from commons where date = strftime('%s', strftime('%Y-%m-%d'));


TODO


	DONE - Switch news feed tab to show feed by event date. If bill/act, show on date first found.

	Show new debates in more prominent colours if just added

	Let a reminder be setup for the outcome of a debate pointing to the
	theyworkforyou website to read it.

	Notifications of coming debate so you can watch it on parliament.tv


	COnfig

		- Follow politicians
		- Triggers
		- Follow a bill (need bill ID)


	DONE - Add About Menu

	Add Forced refresh

	Add Thanks - Doing

	Reports Tab - Needs reports rss feed

	Move Alerts into an options menu with other settings

	Add News tab

	Fix the sport/transport problem

	Add Scrapbook tab for recording past events, reports, etc (counterpart
	to calendar/diary tab). o

	Tabs - Scrapbook, Calendar
   	       News, Debates, Bills, Acts, Reports,
	       Settings (Alerts, Notifications, Tabs Displayed)

      Scrapbook  - Saved events and links to outcomes (hansard, reports, bills, acts)
      		 - Saved reports



ROADMAP

	0.2... Improve calendar display (new items) - What is metaphor Calendar or Newsfeed ? Think how will relate to scrapbook
	       Allow to scroll backwards (neverending list?)
	   ... Improve sport/transport problem
	   ... Fix/Handle dns lookup crash more gracefully
	0.3 - Notifications
	0.3... Move settings to options menu
	   ... "Follow" MP/Lord (text matching)
	   ... Add Parliament News tab
	0.4 - Scrapbook
	   ... Link to Hansard/TWFY for debates
	0.5 - Add Reports Tab if possible
	
	      Better styling

	1.0 - ...

	Tablet layout - scrapbook open on left all time, other tabs viewing
			on right, can see additions to scrapbook as made.

	Future - FollowMyLocalMP - Automatically find your local MP based on
				   GPS and follow them in debates.

		- Regional/Local Council feeds ? )

		- European Parliament Version

	
